## LOW CODE AUTOML assignments - Part 1 - Autogluon

## Overview

This repository as a part of my assignment contains a comprehensive collection of Jupyter notebooks demonstrating the power and versatility of AutoGluon, a cutting-edge AutoML framework. These assignments cover a wide range of machine learning tasks, from basic tabular data analysis to advanced multimodal applications.


<a href="https://youtu.be/UR98JOWcIZY">
  <img src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQGJrpSqrv7Va8wkAJCoRTsHWDJyXJEe_ypDw&s" alt="AutoGluon Tutorial" width="200">
</a>


### A. Kaggle Competition Mastery

A: AutoGluon for Kaggle competitions
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1y514otMZKIxdxCpHYKQf1XzMMmR1JNlv?usp=sharing
<br><br>

Bi1: Autogluon_Tabular_classification_regression
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/17glC_qW_zetKASNVWxKXYQP46icETAZo?usp=sharing

Bi2: Multimodal_Tabular
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/16cvtQU4qNELHLQFuHJzADXyxF0nRyCkb?usp=sharing

Bi3: AutoGluon Tabular - Feature Engineering
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1cFMwP3kq1CXyeQ6sJQH2d_KSXJGJu6E6?usp=sharing

Bi4: Predicting Multiple Columns in a Table (Multi-Label Prediction)
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1irI5xFFWmecIriHbWgAiBOq8lV0pRmEX?usp=sharing

Bi5: Training models with GPU support_Autogluon
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1PBvUOs5QOJsMM2vfPyVkgZCdSHZPC3IH?usp=sharing

B1: sentiment analysis and sentence similarity
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1uejX1-e81NQDyPIY0Vb2Wbbpc-fclZ2Q?usp=sharing

B2: Finetune foundation models
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FZCaTPu_TcftLnD_9m51l9BMbqXWiIwp?usp=sharing

B3: Named entity recognition
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1r0W5mLsDE4SOu1isaQCROyyig9qJ8ZGR?usp=sharing

<br><br>


D1: AutoMM for Image Classification
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1-3_DrWFwnwxvPc0ohv_yZPViQtakqMMy?usp=sharing

D2: Zero-Shot Image Classification with CLIP
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1umgWKyAGQQUB9eJPbUXXs2mLaeRal7-2?usp=sharing

D3:Image Object Detection
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1T-B9nE_weEDk30fLlFBRWei9FqmUhbP5?usp=sharing

<br><br>


E1: Image Segmentation
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ioY6nI-WB2paSzGThlFcc8BCSTSBQlEi?usp=sharing

E2: Document classification
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1v615aF8GkyZsSSeqESpoBarSQmBCiwH7?usp=sharing

E3: PDF_classification
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1oORvxolr0n5-ixG1W9cyWeSUSf_nVVJa?usp=sharing

<br><br>


F1: Image-to-Image Semantic Matching with AutoMM
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1IuG0U5uWomtxmUoocc4b7HAZn4BHkwBD?usp=sharing

F2: Text-to-Text Semantic Matching with AutoMM
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_z0BtzbO3XPZs246F65dv5QhMVLtgJ4J?usp=sharing

F3: Image-Text Semantic Matching with AutoMM
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1li0MAssGkOLSku3i36mOzJlD4PIB32hv?usp=sharing

F4: Image-Text Semantic Matching with AutoMM - Zero-Shot
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1sqbuXIl9ni9jtIXSNYolYXno5kI24DMo?usp=sharing

F5: Text Semantic Search with AutoMM
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1DmFhwIEmwgxniT-UOibKqScMNJeylXOR?usp=sharing
<br><br>

G1: AutoMM for Text + Tabular
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/12zh6H6LuK4GwrWXnVoTmxpLIJXHqu_c-?usp=sharing

G2: Image_Text_Tabular
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14bLrZ0XqDg-yMfd-GI_YogjZKQ-yddyk?usp=sharing

G3: AutoMM for Entity Extraction with Text and Image
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NlQEmkBsIkZfCR5NPjRs3dz_liYuubXl?usp=sharing
<br><br>


### H. Time Series and Advanced Multimodal

H1: Forecasting Time Series
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1oKnfAmIU97Bx1Pslg9HoWAVSSk6nMFXB?usp=sharing

H2: Forecasting with Chronos
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1-KOfcim8bhG5X5BA2FxYzAcxOjDwrzc3?usp=sharing

H3: AutoMM for Image + Text + Tabular Prediction
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1gVjPMmqCOvxA-4gQDa806m2ntRX4U0eT?usp=sharing
